(HyunJin covering yyxy's greeting)
Olivia Hye: That's not~
Go Won: Hey~
(Olivia Hye covering LOOΠΔ 1/3's greeting)
(And Go Won covering OEC's greeting, but there's no member of OEC)
(Hope someday a member of OEC teaches them how to greet like OEC)
HyunJin: I look like a ghost...
(Because there's no light anywhere near HyunJin...)
Go Won: HyunJin~
HyunJin: Why?
Go Won: Don't get nervous. It's your loss!
HyunJin: What?
Go Won: (Revenge?) If you get nervous, it's your loss~
HyunJin: Just don't get nervous yourself!
Go Won: Don't get nervou cause it's your loss~
HyunJin: I'm not nervous...
Go Won: It's your loss~
HeeJin: Nervous~
('You get nervous, it's your loss' by Go Won)
HeeJin: It will be fun!
ViVi: Really~
(So many girls in just one frame!)
(Anyway, LOOΠΔ full group's LOONA Studio starts now!)
(LOONA Studio opens with a live performance of '열기 (9)')